What an axe!
How much are we just telling the truth?
Of course you have to insist that we are forcing work
Then we can't help it.
Who gave you the courage to commit a crime?
bastard
A mere CEO who doesn't even have shares
Dare to point fingers at us
Go away, I have to see the master too
Zhou Ziyu is now my man
Dare to touch him is to provoke me
Bastard, I'm a senator
Are you afraid that we will rebel if you dare to touch me?
You are really a good dog of Du Feiyun
Since you are courting death
Don't blame me
What do you mean?
This is the company's financial compensation for the past 5 years
Almost 1 billion missing
I remember the current CFO.
Is that your cousin?
This bodyguard is fake
You even dare to rob me
Are you courting death?